tiflash: update expression list supported by tiflash (#2574)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/use-tiflash.md

## Supported push-down calculations

> **Note:**
>
> The feature that enables TiFlash to support the new framework for collations in TiDB is in development. Currently, if you enable the [new framework for collations](/character-set-and-collation.md#new-framework-for-collations) in TiDB, none of the expressions can be pushed down. This restriction will be removed in later versions.

TiFlash mainly supports predicate and aggregate push-down calculations. Push-down calculations can help TiDB perform distributed acceleration. Currently, table joins and `DISTINCT COUNT` are not the supported calculation types, which will be optimized in later versions.

> Currently, TiFlash supports the limited push-down of common expressions. To learn the specific push-down expressions, refer to [expression list](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/692e0098b1207ef26ea18bedfcc9ba067604da3c/expression/expression.go#L1115).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, TiFlash supports pushing down a limited number of expressions. To learn the supported expressions, refer to [expression list](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/692e0098b1207ef26ea18bedfcc9ba067604da3c/expression/expression.go#L1115).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: the link is different from each version(master, 4.0, 3.1), the current link is for the master branch.

Author: Noted. I'll edit the link when this PR is cherry-picked to other branches.
